I made you kneel
Brother, forget it
We can't afford to offend them.
I know this must be Dean Liu's disregard for the past
Early rescue
Yanyan, don't hurry up and thank Liu Shao for his great kindness
My lord
Because Liu Shao won the bronze invitation letter for the Liu family auction
It's hard to dream of many top families
To be continued, if it weren't for you
How could my Wang family get a mere invitation to Melaleuca?
If it weren't for you
How could my Wang family sacrifice this second-class family?
disastrous
You bastards don't deserve to live
Who can do it, bro?
I'm sorry for you
Kids don't listen to their nonsense
You are not a third surname
It's the sword
The king is not bad, is it a good thing?
I don't like you so much
If you dare to say one more word
I will push your dog down
My mom was right
Today in my royal family is given by this brother and sister
I was married to you for three years, and life was bleak and everything went wrong
Does your sister have nothing to do with it?
Why are you laughing?
Are you stupid?
I laugh. God has eyes.
Finally let my siblings
Look at your ugly faces
I laugh at you for chasing ants after the wind
But still a living dragon
You can't afford to mess with me like this
We stay in the cloud
I will be afraid of him
Don't exaggerate these old and young people
Otherwise you will look young
Oh, I've asked the minister
Are you handsome or not?
I wish you a rising career
30 years old, I wish the Liu family bad luck
Eternal Doom